nooooo there was a lot of activity out
in the hallway so hopefully nobody comes
in here while I'm trying to film us so
we'll make this quick this is my outfit
of the day and I this is another one of
my goodwill items so this was the skirt
that I got at Goodwill I matched it with
some foods and bother putting on any
types I thought it might be too much
brown but you can't even see my legs
anyway so I probably should have put on
plates so that I'm not freezing cold
today this shirt here is actually from
Victoria's Secret I got it a couple
years ago but it has lace on this please
has blazed down at the bottom it ties
here in this buttons however the shirt
underneath which I don't know where I
got this shirt it's just has a little
bit of links at the top and actually the
string started to come outside to like
re so the top and it has lace up here
it's a v-neck and there's actually some
lace on the bottom and then I have on
this brown necklace to kind of pull it
all together but I thought I wanted more
of a tan shirt to go with this just
because there's so much brown however I
don't really have a tan shirt at home
and what I liked about this was that
this material is very light and flowy
and the skirt is very light and flowy as
well so I thought it matched perfect and
then hearing so I didn't put any hearing
sore because I thought okay there's a
lot going on with the skirt and I have a
necklace the shirt kind of has a lot
going on with like the lace and stuff
like that so that's why I didn't bother
putting
and hearings um so that's my quick look
my cheap little goodwill skirt um did I
love and that's the look okay bye